# 30MFF-Comm-lab
Assignment 1 Comm lab
Welcome to the Assignment-1-Comm-lab wiki!
Project name: "A Conditional Friendship"
Project Description: what is the project, what is the overall concept and theme, and what kind of experience you were striving to create?
This Website's main focus is to be an advertisement, or a brochure of the movie "A Conditional Friendship", a movie made by Jannah Mokhtar and Linh Tran. Through this website, i wanted to capture the spirit of the movie, as well as the message it sends. Details like the pink/yellow color scheme represent friendship, but also give an upbeat vibe to the website, which may come as a shock to those who watched the movie. Finally, I wanted this website to be very user friendly, meaning that all the options available would be presented to the user in a clear way.
Process: How did you go about implementing the concept?
With the help of my wireframe, that perfectly represented my vision for this website, I tried my best to duplicate it into code. First, I took note of the main elements that would shape every page in my website. I then practiced the codes and made sure they worked. Second, I started thinking of the layout of things, slowly trying to copy my wireframe's layout of things. I would say that this step was pretty simple as I had already practiced the codes before. Third, I looked at the design side of things, this is where things started to get difficult as I am still a beginner in html, CSS and JS. The hardest part in this step was trying to get the excepted outcome, that means that eventually, I could not code some of the design elements in my wireframe. Additionally, I found that working with Javascript was also challenging. Lastly, I made sure that my website was coherent and understandable my looking at it from a user's point of view, I also asked some of my friends to review it as well. Then, I cleaned up my code by copy-pasting it once more, removing any extra/useless lines of command, adding comments, ensuring proper indentation... .
Reflection/Evaluation
All in all, I would say that I am on one hand very glad that I was able to create a website for the first time, and on my own, using knowledge I gained in my classes. But on the other hand, I am not completely satisfied with the outcome because I believe that there are a lot of things that could've been better. And, I hope that I could one day re-create this website, and have it look exactly like my wireframe, since I'd have all the skills needed to do so.
Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk. -Jannah Mokhtar
